Title: Elon Musk Suspending Twitter Accounts For Reporters Who Cover Him Description: Elon Musk is hitting journalists who make a living reporting on the billionaire where he can ... silencing their Twitter accounts. The new owner of the bird app is suspending Twitter accounts for reporters from major news outlets like The New York&hellip;
Title: 'RHOSLC' Star Jen Shah Home Raid Turns Up Counterfeit Designer Bags, Fake Bling Description: Jen Shah seems to have a thing for counterfeits ... because the feds say they seized a ton of fake designer bags and jewelry when they raided her Utah home. According to new legal docs, obtained by TMZ, the "Real Housewives of Salt Lake City" star&hellip;
Title: Aaron Carter's Fiancée Gets Full Custody Over Son Prince Description: Aaron Carter's son, Prince, is back in the hands of his mom ... because we've learned Aaron's fiancée Melanie Martin just got full custody of her son. A rep for Melanie tells TMZ -- a hearing was held Thursday in L.A., and the court found her fit&hellip;
Title: Stephen 'tWitch' Boss Wasn't In Financial Ruin Prior To Suicide, Despite Theory Description: There's an online theory circulating that claims Stephen "tWitch" Boss and his family were in bad shape financially at the time of his suicide ... something we're told simply isn't true. People playing detective on social media are working to&hellip;
Title: Jane Fonda Says Her Cancer Is In Remission, 'Feeling So Blessed' Description: Jane Fonda got a terrific early birthday present -- because she's revealing her cancer's gone into remission just before her 85th bday. The actress and activist shared the fantastic news online Thursday ... calling the discovery the "BEST BIRTHDAY&hellip;
Title: Megan Thee Stallion's Ex-BFF Kelsey Denies Tory Lanez Paid Her Off Description: Tory's attorney asked Kelsey about the fact police say she had gunshot residue on her hands, and she said she wasn't sure where it came from, "I just know I had it." She also acknowledged she and Megan did have a physical altercation in the SUV,&hellip;
Title: Ejected Bucks Fan Adamant He Didn't Threaten Draymond Green's Life Description: The fan who Draymond Green had booted from the Warriors vs. Bucks game earlier this week says he never threatened the Golden State star's life ... insisting he was actually being nice to the NBA player. Mike Shane spelled his side of the story out&hellip;
Title: Dave Chappelle Stage Attacker Sentenced To 270 Days In Jail Description: The man charged with attacking Dave Chappelle onstage at the Hollywood Bowl just got sentenced to 9 months behind bars after taking a plea deal with prosecutors. Dave's attacker, 24-year-old Isaiah Lee, was sentenced Thursday to 270 days in Los&hellip;
Title: Stephen 'tWitch' Boss' Wife Told Cops He Left Unexpectedly, Wouldn't Answer Phone Description: DJ Stephen "tWitch" Boss' wife was adamant with cops Tuesday morning ... she knew something was terribly wrong, because he'd left home without warning and stopped all communication. Law enforcement sources tell TMZ when Allison Holker entered a&hellip;
Title: Woman Dies After Going Overboard on Cruise Ship, Coast Guard Finds Body Description: A woman has died after going overboard on a cruise ship traveling from the Bahamas to Florida. A rep for the U.S. Coast Guard tells TMZ they were alerted about a 36-year-old female who'd gone overboard on the MSC Meraviglia early Thursday morning&hellip;
Title: Prince Harry & Meghan Markle Reveal More Drama in Netflix Series Description: Author and royal expert Tom Bower joined us on "TMZ Live" Thursday, and he isn't buying Harry's claims about 5 options for their relationship with the royal fam ... the way he sees it, you're either in, or you're out. Tom sees this as Prince Harry&hellip;
Title: James Cameron Angers Animal Activists with Dolphin Show at 'Avatar 2' Promo Description: James Cameron's pissing off animal welfare activists by promoting his ocean-themed epic, "Avatar: The Way of Water," with a dolphin show many see as, at least ironic, and definitely cruel. The director sat alongside stars Zoe Saldaña, Sam&hellip;
Title: Slingshot Ride Cable Snaps, Video Shows Riders Smash Into Support Beam Description: A popular thrill ride went terrifyingly wrong in the UK when a massive cord snapped, hurling passengers directly into a support beam, and horrifying video shows the whole thing unfold. The slingshot ride in London's Hyde Park normally shoots 2&hellip;
Title: LeBron James' 2013 Finals Game 7 Jersey To Hit Auction, Could Fetch $3 Million Description: The threads LeBron James wore as he secured his second NBA Finals MVP can be yours -- but ya better have some serious coin layin' around to pay for it!! Sotheby's Auction tells TMZ Sports ... the King's Game 7 jersey from the classic 2013 series&hellip;
Title: Elon Musk Says 'Crazy Stalker' Attacked His Car While Son Was Inside Description: A spokesperson for LAPD tells TMZ the department's threat management division is looking into the incident and is in touch with Elon's team ... as of now, there has not been an official report filed. Elon Musk claims a "crazy stalker" put his son&hellip;
Title: Actor Henry Cavill Will Not Return as Superman in Upcoming Film Description: Henry Cavill did a 180 on Wednesday night ... saying he's out as Superman in the film series ... just months after announcing he would be returning as Clark Kent. The actor shared the shocking news to his 23 million Instagram followers after&hellip;
Title: Gucci Mane Blasts Prison Holding Pooh Shiesty Description: Gucci Mane is demanding justice for his artist Pooh Shiesty ... after claiming he was transferred to a prison where he's being subjected to cruel and unusual conditions. The 1017 Records label boss fired off his accusations Wednesday, tweeting&hellip;
Title: Megan Thee Stallion's Ex-BFF, Kelsey, Recants Statements on the Stand Description: Megan Thee Stallion's ex-best friend is the key witness who, all of a sudden, doesn't seem to remember much about the night in question ... which amounted to a wild day in court. Kelsey Nicole Harris -- who was the other woman in the car with Tory&hellip;
Title: Kobe's Daughter Natalia Gets 3-Year Restraining Order Against Alleged Stalker Description: Natalia Bryant -- Kobe and Vanessa's oldest daughter -- has been granted legal protection from someone she says poses a serious risk to her safety. Natalia had court in L.A. Wednesday, where she gave some powerful testimony about things she claims&hellip;
Title: Congressmen Lawson, Torres Weigh in On Celeb Accountability in FTX Collapse Description: The collapse of the famed crypto exchange FTX is spurring lots of finger-pointing, but on the issue of whether its celeb spokespeople are partially to blame ... Congress has different opinions. We got Rep. Al Lawson Wednesday at Reagan National&hellip;
